[Music]
come in ether
this is barbo observatory are you
receiving this
is anyone out there
this is ether does any
one copy we're not receiving anything
that puts our last contact with mission
control out three weeks
[Applause]
why is it so quiet
that's either it's a spaceship
that we hoped would be our future i have
to warn them about the conditions on
earth
[Music]
i don't know all the details it started
with a mistake
[Music]
there is an antenna that's stronger than
ours
we get to that antenna they'll hear us
take a deep breath
in our galaxy alone there are billions
of stars
at least one of them has the potential
to support life
been thinking a lot about time
why one person lives a lifetime another
only gets a few years
we made a promise to our families
you want to be an explorer
[Music]
but while you're doing all that your own
life is just
slipping away that's why i have to
contact them
before it's too late
[Music]
you